[Excel] (Custom functions) Add note about inline descriptions in Excel on the web (#4891)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-overview.md

}
```

> [!TIP]

> > In Excel on the web, custom function descriptions and parameter descriptions display inline. This gives users additional information when writing custom functions. Configure the inline descriptions by exploring any of the [custom functions Script Lab samples](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js-snippets/tree/prod/samples/excel/16-custom-functions) in Excel on the web. See the following screenshot from for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In Excel on the web, custom function descriptions and parameter descriptions display inline. This gives users additional information when writing custom functions. Learn how to configure the inline descriptions by exploring any of the [custom functions Script Lab samples](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js-snippets/tree/prod/samples/excel/16-custom-functions) in Excel on the web. See the following screenshot for an example.
```
